### 2020.03.18

### Official Numbers:

* 214,894 confirmed infected
* 8,732 confirmed deaths
* 83,313 confirmed recoveries
* 81,102 China
* 35,713 Italy
* 17,361 Iran
* 13,910 Spain
* 12,327 Germany
* 9,052 France
* 8,413 Korea, South
* 7,769 US
* 3,028 Switzerland
* 2,642 United Kingdom
* 2,056 Netherlands
* 1,646 Austria
* 1,550 Norway
* 1,486 Belgium
* 1,279 Sweden
* 1,115 Denmark
* 889 Japan
* 790 Malaysia
* 712 Cruise Ship
* 657 Canada
* 568 Australia
* 464 Czechia
* 452 Qatar
* 448 Portugal
* 433 Israel
* 418 Greece
* 372 Brazil
* 336 Finland
* 313 Singapore
* 299 Pakistan
* 292 Ireland
* 275 Slovenia
* 260 Romania
* 258 Estonia
* 256 Bahrain
* 251 Poland
* 250 Iceland
* 238 Chile
* 227 Indonesia
* 212 Thailand
* 203 Luxembourg
* 202 Philippines
* 196 Egypt
* 171 Saudi Arabia
* 164 Iraq
* 156 India
* 147 Russia
* 145 Peru
* 142 Kuwait
* 133 Lebanon
* 119 San Marino
* 116 South Africa
* 113 United Arab Emirates
* 111 Ecuador
* 105 Slovakia
* 100 Taiwan

### Laziness Update

I was really lazy again today, and so I don't have very many updates for
you today, and I forgot to save sources. This is all I got:

* I FINALLY FOUND HOSPITALIZATION RATES BY AGE GROUP. [Right here, page
  5](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/media/imperial-college/medicine/sph/ide/gida-fellowships/Imperial-College-COVID19-NPI-modelling-16-03-2020.pdf).
  Now, this is statistical modelling, and not direct observational data,
  as far as I know. But still, insofar as Imperial College London trusts
  this modelling, this is extremely good news
* US Administration news: The US invoked the Defense Production Act,
  which I believe lets them just commandeer factories to produce things.
  He's also claimed he's going to Yangbux people $1000 in the mail to
  help them through these trying times. Finally, moratorium on all
  evictions and foreclosures, which even to my cold libertarian capitalist
  heart, seems like a wise policy given the current crisis
* The US and Canada are closing the border to all non-essential travel.
  It is unclear if I could go back to be with my family at this point,
  even assuming it was safe to engage in long distance travel

### Personal Update

So... I have been sick for nine days now. For the first half, cold
symptoms (congestion, cough) followed by a few days of 101-102 fever.
Fever broke on Friday and since then I've felt like I've been
recovering, with three exceptions: I haven't been able to eat anything,
I've been incredibly sleepy, and I've had a really bad headache that
persisted for days after the fever ended. As of this morning, I'm still
coughing some shit out of my throat but my appetite came back and I can
stay awake.

Now, I was describing this to some coworkers (in a bit more detail) and
they appear to be convinced that I have caught the coronavirus. They
claimed my symptoms matched some personal story they read from someone
who tested positive. So I got to thinking about this. The lack of _dry_
cough + the mild course of disease made me think that this wasn't Corona
(but don't worry, I've been self-quarantining out of caution). But,
three things have felt very unusual to me:

* Despite taking obsessive levels of precaution, and not being exposed
  to anybody who was visibly sick, I somehow caught this
* I infected somebody else a day before I started showing symptoms
  (don't worry, she's also ok)
* I have never experienced this level of fatigue in an illness before.
  Maybe for one day in the peak of fever, but for a week afterwards? I
  keep reading that fatigue is a serious indicator for this disease

I'm now unsure, but perhaps I caught this? Today is day 9 of my illness.
Most case reports of cases that go severe take a dramatic turn for the
worse on day 9 or 10. I guess I'm not fully in the clear yet, but I have
experienced no breathing problems and my SPO2 has been at 97% the whole
time.

I have no way of knowing if I had the coronavirus or if this was just a
weird flu. They don't really have tests available where I am and I doubt
they will be able to provide them to low-priority cases like me for
months. For the near future, I'm going to assume I did have it for
quarantine purposes (and stay away from other people for another two
weeks). And for personal purposes, I am going to assume that I did not
have it (as in, I am not going to assume I'm immune now).

I have encountered now several other people I know who are presenting
the symptoms of early coronavirus. So the idea that I could have caught
this is not impossible. I guess I won't know for a while. But the good
news is that today is the first day in two weeks that I've felt normal,
and it is so good.
