### 2020.04.02

### Official Numbers

Johns Hopkins dashboard is back

WOOO WE HIT ONE MILLION. By which I mean holy fuck. Don't forget,
exponential growth means that the correct way to think is not "ok,
another two months to get to 2M", it's "ok, another two months to get to
10M" or whatever

* 1,007,977 confirmed infections
* 52,771 confirmed deaths
* 210,186 confirmed recoveries
* 351 confirmed infections in my city (Δ 46)
* 17 confirmed infections in my ZIP code (Δ 1)
* 3 confirmed deaths in my city (Δ 0)
* 242,182 US
* 115,242 Italy
* 112,065 Spain
* 84,788 Germany
* 82,432 China
* 59,929 France
* 50,468 Iran
* 34,167 United Kingdom
* 18,827 Switzerland
* 18,135 Turkey
* 15,348 Belgium
* 14,788 Netherlands
* 11,229 Canada
* 11,123 Austria

### Site Updates

I am getting increasingly frustrated with the coronavirus-related
subreddits, and this is my primary source of news. Consequently, I will
be cutting back dramatically on what I report from there. I will
continue to post any news that I get sent or otherwise fine, and I will
continue to post the scientific papers, but expect something of a
decrease in various news stories around this unfolding crisis

### Personal Updates

Today marks two weeks since I stopped showing symptoms. Did I have
COVID-19, or did I have a regular illness? I don't know, and probably
won't know for months, but I have taken precautions as if I have. Today
marks the day where I can actually interact with other people safely
again

Additionally, I need to post a public update on my views. When I first
discovered this plague, I was convinced that it was a society-wide
x-risk. I actually literally called up my parents and said "I know this
sounds crazy, but I think we're all going to die of plague, and I don't
know what's gonna happen, and on the off chance things get shut down way
faster than I expect, and I don't get the chance to say it again, I love
you all and stay safe". This was in the first week of February. Yeah
yeah, I may have overreacted a bit, but I present this only to
illustrate my mind-state.

Over the past two months, as this pandemic has developed, I have found
myself significantly _lowering_ my estimate of how bad this is. I can't
point to any particular data point that has changed my mind on this, it
is more a general synthesis of things. Like Italy. The data in Italy is
alarming, with 12,000 fatalities and counting, but it really is for the
most part only impacting older people. Their deaths are a tragedy, but
don't pose an x-risk to society the same way that decimating the working
population would. Even then, most of the deaths outside of the eldery
have been people with pre-existing conditions.

Then I consider Seattle, or California. Seattle was the first place in
the US to see significant COVID deaths. So imagine my surprise when I
went to look up their death stats and see that their _total_ deaths (at
least as of the other day) was 195. New York is posting more than that
_per day_. Now I'm not sure exactly what measures Seattle has taken, but
I promise you that whatever they've done, it's not nearly to the extent
that China did. Which means that some kind of half-assed lockdown
measure is more than enough to completely halt this pandemic.

I think about the Diamond Princess. When I first heard about that boat,
I expected like half of the people on that boat to end up in severe
condition, and like 5 or 10% to die. This has not happened. The death
rate on that boat, as far as I know, is under 1%, and that boat skewed
heavily towards the elderly (an at-risk group).

I think about the people I know who have caught this. Four people I know
have been confirmed-positive. Another almost dozen are
presumed-positive. All of those people, except one, have had
mild-to-trivial symptoms, and the one guy who has had more severe
symptoms is almost two weeks in and still not bad enough to bother going
to the hospital.

I think about all the asymptomatic-transmission data that keeps coming
out. I think about the Influenza-Like Illnesses paper linked below,
which suggests that there are 10M infected Americans already. Even at a
relatively conservative 10% severe-disease rate, that should mean that 1
million Americans are already overloading our nation's 100,000 ICU
units. _**And yet they aren't**_

Given all of the above, I am formally downgrading my estimate of the
risk of this pandemic. I still think there are massive error bars. I
still think that this poses significant danger. I am still, for now,
begrudgingly convinced that closing all public places is a necessary
public health measure.

I will observe the events of the next few weeks and update my beliefs
appropriately.

### Updates

* The FDA has _**not**_ approved a [two-minute antibody test](https://www.axios.com/fda-coronavirus-two-minute-testing-kit-bodysphere-a665429d-488d-4edf-bd36-9180e2a06e4c.html). This was apparently fake news
* [New York Daily Data
  Summary](https://www1.nyc.gov/assets/doh/downloads/pdf/imm/covid-19-daily-data-summary-deaths.pdf).
  Almost every single death had an underlying condition. Does anybody
  know what "Underlying Conditions Pending" means?
* [Using ILI surveillance to estimate state-specific case detection
  rates and forecast SARS-CoV-2 spread in the United
  States](https://github.com/jsilve24/ili_surge/blob/master/Silverman_and_Washburne.pdf).
  tl;dr: they think there's already 10M infections in the US. [Twitter
  commentary from the author
  here](https://twitter.com/Alex_Washburne/status/1245740163382173697)
