### 2020.04.09

### Official Numbers

* 1,619,495 confirmed infections (Δ 120,662)
* 97,200 confirmed deaths (Δ 7,467)
* 365,142 confirmed recoveries (Δ 28,068)
* 642 confirmed infections in my city (Δ 45)
* 20 confirmed infections in my ZIP code (Δ 0)
* 7 confirmed deaths in my city (Δ 0)
* 128 confirmed recoveries in my city
* 72 confirmed hospitalizations in my city
* 466,396 US
* 157,022 Spain
* 143,626 Italy
* 118,790 France
* 118,235 Germany
* 82,940 China
* 68,192 Iran
* 65,872 United Kingdom
* 42,282 Turkey
* 26,667 Belgium
* 24,172 Switzerland
* 23,245 Netherlands
* 20,765 Canada
* 18,176 Brazil
* 15,472 Portugal
* 13,453 Austria
* 11,917 Russia
* 10,450 Korea, South
* 10,095 Israel

### Updates

* Apologies for more delays. I gave up trying to unite India in EU4, as I got
  too much aggro expansion and got my ass handed to me. Now I'm trying
  to unite Japan under the Ouchi dynasty. Also apologies for not having
  saved sources again. If I find them again or if someone sends them in,
  I will edit this post to add in links
* In the past few days a new narrative has been developing: despite
  being only ~15% of the population, some absurdly high fraction, like
  3/4ths, of all coronavirus cases in the US are African-American. A lot
  of people seem to be puzzling over why this is, and a lot of people seem
  to be tying it in to their pet issue. To me, there are two
  explanations that both seem obvious: first, African-Americans tend to
  be lower in socioeconomic status and poverty will exacerbate a lot of
  health issues. And second, extra melanin interferes with vitamin D
  synthesis causing people with darker skin to be more D deficient in more
  northern regions, and vitamin D deficiency is known to impair immune
  function. To any African-American readers: you're at heightened risk.
  Stay safe! And maybe supplement vitamin D (not medical advice)
* Austria plans to relax their lockdown restrictions. Apparently they've
  been on the ball with this, they've had a very low rate of cases, and
  their rate is going down. Hopefully they figure out how to navigate
  reopening their country without causing case counts to explode
* The first random sampling serology test has been run, in a German city
  that was relatively hard-hit by the virus. IIRC the results,
  apparently 14% of the population showed positive for antibodies, even
  though only 2% of the population had been formally diagnosed via PCR as
  infected. From this they conclude a massive undetected-spread
  element, and calculate a "real" fatality rate of 0.4%. I didn't read
  through the study, so I can't comment on its reliability (and I lost the
  link!) but big if true
* [Another guy doing the same thing I'm
  doing!](https://dailycovid19updates.substack.com/p/april-8-recap).
  It seems cool. I'm adding it to my rotation of sources and you all
  should check it out too!
* [Vitamin D supplementation might be protective against
  COVID-19](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/32252338)
