### 2020.04.04

### Official Numbers

* 1,192,028 confirmed infections (Δ 93,180)
* 64,316 confirmed deaths (Δ 5,445)
* 245,981 confirmed recoveries (Δ 19,875)
* 430 confirmed infections in my city (Δ 0)
* 19 confirmed infections in my ZIP code (Δ 0)
* 4 confirmed deaths in my city (Δ 0)
* 305,820 US
* 124,870 Spain
* 124,632 Italy
* 95,614 Germany
* 90,842 France
* 82,543 China
* 55,743 Iran
* 42,449 United Kingdom
* 23,934 Turkey
* 20,505 Switzerland
* 18,431 Belgium
* 16,727 Netherlands
* 12,978 Canada
* 11,781 Austria
* 10,524 Portugal
* 10,278 Brazil
* 10,156 Korea, South

### Updates

* [Preliminary Estimates of the Prevalence of Selected Underlying Health
  Conditions](https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/69/wr/mm6913e2.htm?s_cid=mm6913e2_w).
  CDC publishes data. Important parts: 37.6% of coronavirus diagnoses
  are people with pre-existing conditions. 27% of non-hospitalized
  patients had pre-existing conditions. 71% of hospitalized non-ICU
  patients. 78% of ICU patients. For people with pre-existing conditions,
  non-ICU hospitalization rate is ~28% (vs ~7.5% for otherwise-healthy
  people). Rate of ICU admission was ~14% (vs 2.3% for otherwise-healthy
  people). This data is consistent with the idea that young, healthy
  people are at dramatically reduced risk relative to older or less
  healthy people
* [US Flu Data](https://gis.cdc.gov/grasp/fluview/mortality.html).
  I don't have any commentary, but it might be interesting to some.
* Notorious Internet-American Curtis Yarvin with his [Plan A for the
  Coronavirus](https://medium.com/@curtis.yarvin/plan-a-for-the-coronavirus-7db3997490c1).
  Note that this author is widely considered to be a radical/extremist, so read
  with appropriate skepticism. TL;DR: his solution to this is the same as his solution
  to everything: Formalize existing government obligations as stock in a
  joint-stock company, empower a temporary dictator to do _whatever it
  takes_ to fix the problem, and then cross your fingers and assume that
  it could never possibly go wrong.
* [A brief reminder on Bayes
  rule](https://twitter.com/zbinney_NFLinj/status/1245789672833417217).
  An antibody test that is 99% accurate still might generate many, many
  more false-positives than real-positives, if the base rate of disease is
  low.
